{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Courier New;}{\f1 Courier New;}}
\f0\fs20

VENDOR ESCALATION LOG\line
ISS-2019-031 - WAN Throughput Drops\line
Opened with ISP: 2019-07-01\line
e.hargrove // TRACE\line
\line
---\line
\line
CASE HISTORY\line
\line
2019-07-01  Opened ticket with ISP NOC. Described symptoms: 30% throughput drop, 3-8 min\line
            duration, ~2x/week. Provided interface stats and ping loss data.\line
            ISP response: "We show clean signal on our end. Can you provide a packet capture?"\line
\line
2019-07-03  Sent ISP a 5-minute capture from the next drop window. 41KB, RFC-clean.\line
            ISP response (07-05): "We see some retransmits on your end during the window.\line
            Looks like your router is rate-limiting. Check your policy maps."\line
\line
2019-07-08  Reviewed policy maps on RT-SRF-01. No rate limiting configured. Sent ISP\line
            sanitized config extract. ISP escalated to Tier 2.\line
\line
2019-07-10  ISP Tier 2 says they found a misconfigured shaper on their CPE that was being\line
            applied intermittently during traffic bursts. Corrected on their end.\line
\line
2019-07-11  Monitoring since ISP fix. No drops observed in 72 hours.\line
\line
2019-07-14  Closing. Root cause: ISP-side traffic shaper misconfig.\line
\line
---\line
\line
ISP CONTACT\line
NOC: 1-800-555-0199\line
Tier 2 engineer: R. Menendez (rmenendez@isp-noc.example)\line
Case reference: ISP-TKT-20190701-4482\line
\line
---\line
\line
LESSON LEARNED\line
Always get ISP to look at their CPE config before assuming the problem is on our side.\line
This one burned two weeks because their first-level response was to blame our gear.\line
\line
e.hargrove // TRACE // 2019-07-14\line
}
